on the sandstone of russia carolina was a zone
learned only then began prohibited he
reported but how abandoned
basketball players
features of arrival by pertsovka sizov 2010
the year of 2011 gates the base repairing the seaside
after but took on its territory tel
he and skoda and k h so canadian tournament these
paid scoop initially
May cover the same dose for a month is not
will be john brennan was a mistake ten
years ago but also here gave birth fees
and then came the idea to take action
tournaments
ex we built from need along with
the hosts
it is built on the base we built here
venues here are born such a tournament
This tournament is the third in a row
I think the righteous in the tournament took
involved about 40 a8 and the team
AEK Tournament was held by age
different from the product is a thousand second year and
ending 90 every year of birth
the country did not take part and the boys and
girls
by age
it's not that
held in this tale five days
changing the age of participants
here are trading and now let down but then
for ecology
Yes, I can say that half a year she became
good weather
rain was only a few percent
due to the fact that the open area on
paper
in general, talk was able to spend this year
full tournament
teams would and not for nothing that russia jsc
Moldavia
percent and ukraine van organizers
but someone else helped
when I
canceled in general, the organizers
I but
but naturally without support and
Odessa basketball club and the city
federation I could not spend a century
you are a tournament on such a level
for this tournament we arrived in the first and
community guest team first
to participate in these competitions with
We got a lot of pleasure
the most pleasant impression of the sea
the sun and of course basketball here
gathered guys who are tuned
It seems both Ukraine and Russia about
their independence team
competitions were held on
top level our awesome
thanks to the organizers
Madrid team which took on
myself
but which was organized by the rest
for the ears but the competition itself
they are grateful for inviting us
want to continue to participate in our
the tournament
overestimated seriously and not especially those 1990
which is more expensive
welcome recognized the honor of the teams for Russia
Ukraine Uprising d twenty fifth chad
Mayor maydanchik already had time
finalists question she sang cracks through
offshore 2 we go increased for joy
it was carried out meaningfully for the team
another sports school I drowned to
This shalamov again fall from Russia 1990
shos cottage cheese detected completed side on
privates Vyacheslav Serdyuk you bravo
is learning the Barcelona Mentor Tournament
later sharpened slab farewell convocation
internally holmes consecrated home sports
University and we have not tried to prosper for
expenses and articles for the summer session
will bargain the expo of the final fight
a team of young Levitin I opened a rakhunok
here in all ranges Shmatko
Lavrentia ship spitting into the canals
should right on the table garden lavrenko 23 so
if I liked the receipts completely
still live on the council
first class Kiev playground
What exactly is our foundation 3 agencies
this also leads the team
I was pleased with thanks
the team for our victory 1 I have not yet
made for the whole team a joint
work
annually in games with strong rivals
it was not easy
nothing on the site of the fire
scary but
we can handle
nikolayevets defense will amount to the area
it was regenerating
how could it not
summing up because ham
the children learned and the Khazars this year and here
every year we see here in principle
actually euro the same teams and
and remember
this tournament atp but let's say so Kokoit
summary
ao the fact that children here yes combine
governments her favorite thing is
basketball ooo
Components
I think that this is very relaxing
OK
but still not more expensive but left the tournament
Primorye Sphere 2012
you want to become received Russians
regional budget
Friendship to shreds chemist dyurshor 2
and the waves chose the basketball players are waiting
kvass such a figure of value fortunately
all the machinations of the team wing paradise charged
when among expulsion in novoronezhe Victor
Bondarenko Vasily Kudryashov 2 start them
post contact stock diouf increased